hey guys elbow here elbows pointing
minecraft Elmo's playing minecraft hey
guys Elmo here my gotta have fun we
gotta take homework we died here thank
you
yeah get in the water I can't go by cow
see ya alrighty we need to go get some
wood but hey to get where you got to
wood we need to get forward Elmo three
four five one more six
Elmo has six pieces of wood yay
so we need to make more Bert and Ernie
they play minecraft - they told me I
needed to do this oh we made a crafting
table Oh homemade a crafting table let's
place it - might a stick
oh my god we made a stick cow cow don't
run for me Carol with friends cow Elmo
likes you house I want you to meet my
new friend it's a flower
Big Bird big bird would like flowers do
you like a flower yeah you do
yay Elmo likes to play with flowers ok
Elmo likes Elmo likes minecraft I hope
you guys like watching Elmo
Elmo's gonna keep pulling me more and
more and we gotta make a lot of episodes
so hopefully you guys enjoy cuz the more
you enjoy the more I can make Elmo likes
this no the likes when other people are
happy and Elmo likes he's Sesame Street
friends and he Sesame Street friends may
come out here too and play with Elmo
Elmo Elmo
we can play Bert was telling me that a
good game he's Call of Duty so maybe we
can play call of duty change town hope
you guys like that I don't know we'll
play any game you guys tell me some cool
games Elmo will play some cool games we
can party with Elmo yay hello let's do
the digging song to the left to the
right towards up to the down to the left
do the right do the up turn that down
yay guys I hope you liked digging song
we dug a big room out let the burning
tree to fire hello doesn't want to go
near that just yet
yay oh we can use a stone pick Elmo
forget Elmo has a bad memory no one
needs to increase
he's memory thinner what happens when
you leave Sesame Street
you can't Tom you can't you gotta stay
in school so I don't complain for games
yay Elmo's not very smart right now but
he will learn cuz my crass heart but
birds and Ernie they're teaching me how
to play so that's it guys I hope you
liked Elmo please Minecraft many more
videos will be coming so hopefully you
guys enjoy so subscribe to my new
channel this is my new first video yay
and I will see you guys next time bye
bye Elmo ways to you Elmo maybe our way
to you see you guys next time bye bye